Drop WPF support (#288)
OutSystems/WebView: README.md

# WebView
[![WebViewControl-Avalonia](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/WebViewControl-Avalonia.svg?style=flat&label=WebView-Avalonia)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WebViewControl-Avalonia/)

> [![WebViewControl-WPF](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/WebViewControl-WPF.svg?style=flat&label=WebView-WPF)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WebViewControl-WPF/)

Reviewer: leeav this one in the Readme ... and add a deprecated... not maintained anymore note

Author: added a note. Please, have a look.

Reviewer: remove this line... since you added the notice below

Author: done

Avalonia control that wraps CefGlue webview control

![Screenshot](./SampleWebView/screenshot.png)

> WebView lets you embed Chromium in .NET apps. It is a .NET wrapper control around [CefGlue](https://github.com/OutSystems/CefGlue) and provides a better and simple API. Likewise CefGlue it can be used from C# or any other CLR language and provides both Avalonia web browser control implementations. The Avalonia implementation runs on Windows and macOS. Linux is not supported yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WebView lets you embed Chromium in .NET apps. It is a .NET wrapper control around [CefGlue](https://github.com/OutSystems/CefGlue) and provides a better and simple API. Likewise CefGlue it can be used from C# or any other CLR language and provides an Avalonia web browser control implementation. It runs on Windows and macOS. Linux is not supported yet.
```

Author: done

Stable binaries are released on NuGet, and contain everything you need to embed Chromium in your .NET/CLR application.

## Documentation
See the [Sample](SampleWebView) project for example web browsers built with WebView. It demos some of the available features.

## Notice
The WPF browser control is not maintained anymore. You may find the latest built version here: [![WebViewControl-WPF](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/WebViewControl-WPF.svg?style=flat&label=WebView-WPF)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WebViewControl-WPF/)

> 
> [![WebViewControl-WPF](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/WebViewControl-WPF.svg?style=flat&label=WebView-WPF)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WebViewControl-WPF/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Stable binaries are released on NuGet, and contain everything you need to embed Chromium in your .NET/CLR application.

## Documentation
See the [Sample](SampleWebView) project for example web browsers built with WebView. It demos some of the available features.

## Notice

> We are dropping support for WPF.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The WPF browser control is not maintained anymore. You may find the latest built version here: [![WebViewControl-WPF](https://img.shields.io/nuget/v/WebViewControl-WPF.svg?style=flat&label=WebView-WPF)](https://www.nuget.org/packages/WebViewControl-WPF/)
```
